hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're gonna
be talking about the 1983 film Star Wars
Episode six Return of the Jedi so let's
get started
the summary does rely in part that
you've seen the previous films if you
want to see a summary of the previous
films please click the links below the
film opens with Luke Skywalker trying to
rescue the frozen Han Solo from the
crime lord Jabba the Hutt along with the
help of Chewbacca Princess Leia
r2d2 c-3po and Lando Calrissian Leia
infiltrates the palace disguised as a
bounty hunter presenting Chewbacca to
claim the bounty on his head
Lee is able to unthaw hon but Leia is
discovered and enslaved donning the
famous slave outfit Luke arrives to try
to barter for solo but falls into a trap
and battles a large beast known as a
rancor which he is able to kill Han Solo
is sentenced to death by being thrown
into a pit with a large monster known as
a Sarlacc Luke is able to free himself
and the others and a big battle breaks
out aboard the ship Leia is able to
strangle Jabba and kill him
Boba Fett the Bounty Hunter who
initially delivered solo to Jabba is
thrown into the Sarlacc pit they all
escaped and returned back to the Rebel
Alliance Luke returns to the swamp
planet of Dagobah to find Yoda is dying
before he dies
Yoda confirms that Darth Vader is really
Anakin Skywalker Luke's father and also
tells Luke of another Skywalker the
spirit of obi-wan confirms that Leia is
really Luke's twin sister and tells Luke
that he must fight Darth Vader to defeat
the Empire the rebels have discovered
that the Empire has been constructing a
new Death Star with Emperor Palpatine
supervising the construction himself the
incomplete station is being protected by
an energy shield that is being generated
by the forest moon of Endor if the
rebels are able to destroy the shield
generator this will leave the new Death
Star vulnerable and they can destroy it
before it's completed
so the rebels land on Endor in order to
attack the shield generator through a
series of events the rebels befriend the
moon's native population a tribe of
small furry aliens known as a walks
Luke reveals to Leia that he is her
brother and that Vader is their father
and Luke tells her that he must confront
Vader Luke surrenders himself to the
Empire where Vader once again tries to
sway Luke to the dark side
Vader brings Luke before the emperor
aboard the Death Star in an attempt to
convince him to join the dark side the
emperor reveals that the Death Star is
actually fully operational and that
everything has been a trap for the rebel
fleet planning on using the Death Star
to destroy the rebel fleet so when the
rebel fleet arrives they find that the
shield generator is still up and they
begin to take massive casualties as the
Death Star attacks Luke and Vader battle
with the Emperor encouraging Luke to get
more and more angry trying to push him
into the wastes the dark side fader
senses that Luke has a sister which who
is previously unaware of and Vader says
that he might possibly try to sway her
to the dark side
this enrages Luke and Luke severs
Vader's own robotic hand much like Vader
severed Luke's hand in the previous film
the emperor for the X on Luke telling
him to kill Vader and take his place
Luke refuses declaring himself a Jedi
like his father had once been the
Emperor becomes furious with this and
begins to torture Luke using Force
Lightning to nearly kill him Vader then
kills the Emperor but Vader becomes
mortally wounded in the process Luke
removes his father's mask and Vader dies
in his arms back on Endor the rebels and
the Ewoks eventually are able to
successfully destroy the shield
generator
the rebels led by Lando are able to
attack the now exposed Death Star Luke
is able to escape the Death Star as it
is falling apart and brings his father's
body with him back on the planet of
Endor Luke cremates Vader's body Leia
and Han kiss and the rebels celebrate
the victory over the Empire the film
ends with the spirits of obi-wan Yoda
and the redeemed Anakin Skywalker
watching over the fest
so that was the spoilers for Star Wars
Episode six Return of the Jedi if you
have a film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie spoiler alerts on our
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching